Docs: Document new exporter for usage insights (#38593)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/usage-insights/export-logs.md

tls = true
```

Using `logger` will print usage insights to your [Grafana server log]({{< relref "../../administration/configuration.md#log" >}}).

> There are no options for configuring the `logger` storage type.

Author: ```suggestion
There is no option for configuring the `logger` storage type.
```
